Plus Ghana India he I window scene from
Vera's
las knez Mejia corridor in tradición si
disfrutan sus Modesto Souness
archaeological
sube architected a colonial sue says
plainly the sexist Indus
[Music]
mrs. Ghana various de toros promise
increase the vehicle towed on Avenue
code attractive OC servicios para
disfrutar total 19 fin de semana Seuss
vacaciones or vehicle a negocios
[Music]
siempre rodeado de la cordial Oh speak
aladar de su gente
tierra de grandes contrast ace donde sus
palabras cin conserve and owen gran
parte de sus raíces in assassin
participate stages produce en doted on
mosaic eau de cologne man
[Music]
ackee motivo do or gujo Souness
constructions colonialists que la
mayoría de los casos son mundo space
picos de laranja leases on La Scala is
model as you dismiss Antigua spell files
allagadda una vast Aronson costumers
tradición is equal to de quien
contributed a consolidation a grande
service provides endless canna Vieques o
mundo synchronous trails and scholars in
propia Viva
La Scala a journey to a world without
frontiers
[Music]
La Scala is full of magic color and
tradition enjoy its majestic
archaeological sites its beautiful
colonial architecture it's blended
tiendas
[Music]
and it's wrenches for the breeding of
fighting bulls
[Music]
there's everything here for the tourists
a wide array of attractions and services
for a fantastic weekend holiday or
business trip always surrounded by
friendly people
a land of stark contrasts whose
inhabitants still conserve their roots
and invite you to join them in a mosaic
of human color
[Music]
the pride and joy of Telus Allah are its
colonial buildings stately reminders of
its missionary past La Scala one of
Mexico's oldest cities with a vast
legacy of customs traditions and culture
which have contributed to the Union and
grandeur of the nation infra Scala
travel through incredible worlds and
take the magic homes